requested verbiage tweak to CAD upload section of CMS guide by Lyra (#106)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_cms/index.md

### Uploading CAD files for a floor

* Click on the pencil icon to the left of the Building name and a sidebar should appear.

> * Click on "Add floor" (to add a new floor to the building) or "Update floor" (to update an existing floor in the building) and a popup window should appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click on "Add floor" (to add a new Floor to the Building) or "Update floor" (to update an existing Floor in the Building) and a popup window appears.
```

* Type the floor name.
* Select a CAD file.
* Select any extra files. (optional)
* Add any extra information in the text field.
* Click on "Upload" and a spinner should appear with the upload progress.
* When it is done uploading you should see an added/updated floor name in the list.

> * The CAD file and any extra files will be automatically sent to a MapsPeople project manager and a representative will contact you shortly to plan the digitization of the new or updated floor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CAD file, and any extra files, will be automatically sent to a MapsPeople project manager, and a representative will contact you shortly to plan the digitization of the new or updated Floor.
```
